[Applause]
you always look good you look very good
very good
you don't have to say that but you know
you looked really great is at the Emmys
and I will tell you something my wife
and I were sitting in the crowd and you
walked out on stage and he had sneakers
on and my wife was like yes she's
wearing sneaker
almost as if someone forced her to wear
high heels too but that's what it feels
like
why do you force to wear heels my
husband calls me Frank you know why he
calls me pro he said V when you gettin
old damn heels you walk like
Frankenstein yeah and here's the thing
mmm-hmm I knew I had to present so I
thought it was good a hobble on stage
the podium and just announced the
supporting actor but then I found out I
had to walk through the presentation I
say hail no I said I will only do it if
I could wear my sneakers and I wore my
seat who would stop you from wearing
this nobody but I was ready to fight but
you did you wear the sneakers on the red
carpet or no I did not wear the sneakers
on the red carpet because I did not want
to insult Stuart Weitzman oh maybe the
shoes that's a shoe guy yeah I didn't
want to do that he would be offset bird
up for ready gown is that a one person
Stuart Weitzman or is it just a kind of
like Orville Redenbacher's he does make
some good shoes
[Laughter]
sorry Stuart you're good at pretty much
everything right is there anything
you're taro but what are you not good at
okay I'm not a great driver oh okay
do you drive up a lot I Drive a whole
lot I live in California right right
I failed my driving test three times I
succeeded my fourth time and I hugged
the driving instructor and piston and I
cried doing and I say snot dripping
crying were you anxious I was 20 no I
was 31 two years old I had it at 21 but
I lived in New York and it expired oh
then I came to California and that was
it
so I took two tests in California and
well I took one test in New York no in
Rhode Island and and then I took a test
in Staten Island I said I'm going to
Staten Island is that are they new sure
there are they more lat well I was
praying and I and then when I was done
he said you passed and I grabbed him and
I kissed him on the side of his lip
Jimmy maybe if you've done that at the
beginning of the test the first time you
probably would have gotten your driver's
I heard here I heard you are playing a
former First Lady Michelle Obama in some
kind of yes I am a project that's pretty
you know Michelle Obama right I met
Michelle Obama does she know you're
playing her I have no idea and I'm
terrified you are I'm absolutely
terrified II don't care what else I've
done in my life I've won an Emmy I want
an Oscar to Tony's but if I mess this up
this is gonna be a defining moment in my
life
I'll bet Oh like you've raised a great
kid but you messed up Michelle Obama
picked up the phone and put a call in
first to say hey do you mind if I play
you know but I'm I'm waiting for my
publicist to call and say hold the line
it's Michelle Obama have you read the
script I get are you sure I promise okay
I'm not gonna mess up listen I don't
want to make my people man and you're
also working with Denzel Washington
again the last time you guys are
together it resulted in what are you
guys doing together ma Rainey's black
bottom that is a play it's a play and
Netflix is doing it as a movie Chadwick
Boseman is in it Glynn Turman Michael
Potts Colman Domingo some great actors
and I had to wear that suit oh you did
is that fun to wear a fat suit I love
you loved it yeah when you say a fat
suit like how fat are we talking about
here well what I told can i cost a tiny
battery okay I told them that I wanted
really really big
I want but I wanted to look like the
women I grew up with I'm just being
honest like my aunt Joyce who I thought
was very beautiful but it would good get
hung down she had those big oh they hung
down to her waist I said oh and look at
me
I was I was explaining it like I was
like oh my god so excited I want to hang
on hang on to the waist and I don't want
too big and they gave you those things
yeah that's pretty good
that's a selling point right there
absolutely Viola Davis is here the final
season of how to get away with murder is
underway we'll be right back with Viola
after that no you want me to make sense
out of your pain to say that I knew your
father and that there was a good reason
why he gave you up and I wish I could
give that to you Michaela I do but I
didn't know the man it was a stranger to
me just like he is to you I'm sorry
I'm just sorry you're so dumb that you
think I believe you
[Music]
well that isn't very I don't know what
was going up on there but it you're
always up to no good in some way on the
show and let me tell you something about
that scene mm-hmm she was in my house
she called me to be with him she did but
really that's really suspending your
disbelief right she was smart enough to
be on the way out so it this show do you
know did you always know how the show
would Enders if one of those things
where you kind of figured it out let me
tell you something I don't know anything
you know
okay I'm just glad my hands Pete right
now you could just tell he's like don't
tell Viola anything oh he is
intentionally keeping you yeah so you
got to talk to him
Oh interesting oh yeah I feel like you
do no but this is a good excuse for you
to say you don't know what's going on
what do you want to know no it's better
not to know
yeah but I also like the torture aspect
of asking people I'll do the same thing
to Christian Slater later when he's
gonna reveal anything yeah he probably
won't but it's worth a try
because I feel like one day on the
thousandth time I ask somebody what's
gonna happen they're just gonna say it
and then all the producers in the
greenroom are gonna go like this and
we're all gonna laugh like you in
persons joking and then we're gonna find
out later that it was no one's gonna
laugh on my show Jim no one will be like
you reveal something nobody's going I
don't want to I will tell you this it's
gonna be one hell of a ride it will be
one hell of a ravine
it's like I've gotten a chance to play
someone who has no boundaries and
usually I'm in an apron you know I'm in
a minute apron I'm holding a baby yeah I
mean this is still trying to get me to
hold a baby every once in a while I'm
like I'm not holding a baby but it's
been the ride of a lifetime how old's
your daughter now she's nine and I heard
she's got an acting she had an acting
job hungry birds two Angry Birds sue she
was one of the reaction yeah a lot of
people with iPhones here I guess so
that's not on the way the taping she
would always say mommy I got warm up my
voice because um I gotta be prepared in
case they asked me to do different
voices mommy you go with her and sit in
through the recording stations that
through the whole recording session I
never want to do that again Yeah right
did you feel like you wanted to coach
her and yes did you resist coaching yes
you did yeah that's the right thing Yeah
right she was drinking a lot of water
saying give me a minute
that's something else I think it's over
now you do think she's done with that
was it yeah I think that's it she pulls
it out of the Hat every once in a while
when she wants impress someone in a
playground I see you know well this is
LA you have to keep up with that sword
exactly it's great to see you as always
a pleasure and the chose watch how to
get away with murder it's the last
season is it really the less easier
there's gonna be like Modern Family
where you come back this is the last
season I mean it's if they come back
then they're gonna have to ask Whoopi
Goldberg okay
the last seat here's the night shift and
ER Navy scene we'll be right back
appreciate Slater if you liked that
video click Subscribe and we'll be
together until one of us dies